# Weekly Update

Please follow this format to record your progress in dealing with any bugs
you work on during the week.

Each bug is associated with a single markdown file with a descriptive name.
Every week you will create another entry in every bugs file discussing the
progress you made during the week.  You should place each bug in one of the
"bug fix stages" described below.  Please also discuss any difficulties you
encounter in fixing the bug or with CrashSimulator itself.  Take a look at
[example\_python\_shutil\_race.md](example_python_shutil_race.md) for an
example.


## Details We are Looking For

We want you to submit detailed updates but not want to read accounts that
are overly verbose.  Include any _technical_ detail that you think would be
helpful in understanding your updates.  This type of detail could include
documentation links or excerpts, code snippets, error logs or output etc.

If you had trouble with CrashSimulator or any associated tooling, please
also detail what happened.  Feel free to open an issue on GitHub if
appropriate.

If you abandoned a bug, please provide technical details as to you decided
to do so.

## Important

Please do not include personal details in these updates as they are
*visible to the entire world!*  If a personal event or circumstance
prevented progress on a bug simply state you were unable to work on the bug
during the time the update in question covered.

Yes:
```
Bug Stage: Source of Bug Diagnosed

I was unable to work on this bug.

```

No!:
```
Bug Stage: Source of Bug Diagnosed

I couldn't work on the bug because Halloween was coming up and I needed to
take my dog costume shopping!  He's gonna be a hot dog! Get it?

```

## Bug Fix Stages

As part of each log entry please describe your progress working on the bug
by labeling it with one of the following stages:

*Bug Identified:*

You have found a bug using one of the tools

*Source of Bug Diagnosed:*

You have examined the bug and determined its cause

*Bug Fix Implemented:*

You have implemented a working fix for the bug

*Bug Fix Submitted to Project:*

You have submitted the bug to the relevant project using the rules described in
their developer documentation

*Communication with Project in Progress:*

Your bug report and fix submission have been acknowledged by the project and
they are working to merge it or have requested you modify your submission in
some way

*Bug Fix Accepted or Merged:*

Your fix has been merged into the project or accepted for a future release
